\input texinfo   @c -*-mode:texinfo;fill-column:79;-*-
@comment %**start of header
@setfilename autoconf-archive.info
@settitle Autoconf Archive
@ifclear texi2html
@paragraphindent none
@end ifclear
@comment %**end of header

@include version.texi

@copying
This manual is for GNU Autoconf Archive version @value{VERSION}, a collection of
freely re-usable Autoconf macros.

Copyright @copyright{} 2016 Autoconf Archive Maintainers
@email{autoconf-archive-maintainers@@gnu.org}

Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document
under the terms of the GNU Free Documentation License, Version 1.3 or
any later version published by the Free Software Foundation; with no
Invariant Sections, no Front-Cover Texts, and no Back-Cover Texts.  A
copy of the license is included in the section entitled ``GNU Free
Documentation License''.
@end copying

@dircategory Software development
@direntry
* Autoconf Archive: (autoconf-archive). A collection of re-usable Autoconf macros.
@end direntry

@titlepage
@title GNU Autoconf Archive
@subtitle Version @value{VERSION}
@author @email{autoconf-archive-maintainers@@gnu.org}
@page
@vskip 0pt plus 1filll
@insertcopying
@end titlepage

@c @contents

@ifnottex
@node Top
@top GNU Autoconf Archive

@insertcopying
@end ifnottex

@menu
* Introduction::                        Project Synopsis, home page links, etc.
* Downloads::                           How to find git repository and release tarballs.
* How to contribute::                   Submission Guidelines.
* The Macros::                          Alphabetic index of all macros.
* GNU Free Documentation License::      Copying and sharing this manual.
@end menu

@node Introduction
@chapter Introduction
@include introduction.texi

@node Downloads
@chapter Downloading the GNU Autoconf Archive
@include downloads.texi

@node How to contribute
@chapter How to contribute to the GNU Autoconf Archive
@include contribute.texi

@node The Macros
@chapter The Macros
@include all-macros.texi

@node GNU Free Documentation License
@appendix GNU Free Documentation License
@include fdl-1.3.texi

@bye
