@section Macro Format

Each macro in the Archive has an all-upper-case name with the prefix
@code{AX_}.  The macro is stored in a file with the same name, in lower case,
and with the suffix @code{.m4}.
Unless absolutely necessary, the file contents should be in ASCII.
For example, use apostrophe (U+27) for quoting identifiers
instead of Unicode quotation mark characters U+2018, U+2019.

The file should begin with a header comment containing three named sections:
synopsis, description, and license.

The synopsis gives a summary of the macro usage and arguments.  In this
section, square brackets (@code{[]}) are used to indicate optional parameters, and
may be nested.

The description contains a prose description of the macro.  It should describe
the function of the macro, and the meaning of any arguments given in the
synopsis.  The description should also identify:

@itemize
@item
any default macro parameter values
@item
any new @code{--with} or @code{--enable} options, and their default values
@item
any argument variables consulted (@code{AC_ARG_VAR})
@item
any substituted variables (@code{AC_SUBST})
@item
any defined precompiler constants (@code{AC_DEFINE})
@end itemize

Macros should be defined with @code{AC_DEFUN}, using correct quoting.  Comments
should be used liberally within the macro, with @code{dnl} used for comments at
the m4sh level and @code{#} used for comments at the shell level.

If a macro is renamed, the @code{AU_ALIAS} macro should be used to guide users
of the old name to the new name:

@example
AU_ALIAS([OLD_NAME], [AX_NEW_NAME])
@end example

@section Submitting Macros

To submit updates to the Autoconf Archive, please create an issue in
the
@uref{http://savannah.gnu.org/patch/?func=additem&group=autoconf-archive,patch
tracker} and attach a (preferably
@code{git-format-patch(1)}-formatted) patch file. Users of
@code{github.com} may prefer to create a pull request for the
@uref{https://github.com/peti/autoconf-archive,Autoconf Archive
Mirror at Github}. Please make sure your submission contains the
following items:

@itemize @bullet

@item
a synopsis that shows how the macro must be be called,

@item
a brief description of the macro's purpose,

@item
the list of authors (optionally with e-mail addresses),

@item
licensing terms, and

@item
the m4 source code.

@end itemize

Macros can be submitted under any
@uref{https://www.gnu.org/licenses/license-list.html#GPLCompatibleLicenses,GPL-compatible
free software license}. The Free Software Foundation, however, recommends use
of the
@uref{https://www.gnu.org/prep/maintain/html_node/License-Notices-for-Other-Files.html,all-permissive
license} for Autoconf macros.

@section Writing Highly Usable Macros

Autoconf macros are used in a surprising variety of ways, and a well-written
macro should be flexible enough to suit all of these uses.

See the @uref{http://www.flameeyes.eu/autotools-mythbuster, Autotools
Mythbuster} for suggestions on how to write well-encapsulated, portable macros.
